elder sister
Are you leaving?
Who is this for my sister?
This is for you in return.
In the future, you must obediently listen to Sister-in-law Wang's words
Come on.
Wanyue, don't make trouble.
The regent's wrath has cost dozens of innocent lives
How dare I make trouble with you?
They were bandits.
Who knows if it's really innocent?
No matter how bad they are
It's also better than you turning your face and turning a book.
I can explain Lin Qinghuan
Let's talk about it later
Lin Xinhuan is my junior sister
His father is our teacher
The teacher died of illness.
On his way back to Qingqing, he was made difficult by others and fainted outside
I can't leave him alone
You could have told me then
Why didn't you tell me?